Update Key vault with security recommendation (#896)
Azure/ResourceModules: arm/Microsoft.KeyVault/vaults/keys/readme.md

| Parameter Name | Type | Default Value | Possible Values | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `attributesEnabled` | bool | `True` |  | Optional. Determines whether the object is enabled. |

> | `attributesExp` | int | `-1` |  | Optional. Expiry date in seconds since 1970-01-01T00:00:00Z. Security recommendation is to set expiration date whenever possible.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `attributesExp` | int | `-1` |  | Optional. Expiry date in seconds since 1970-01-01T00:00:00Z. For safety reasons, it is recommended to set an expiration date whenever possible. |
```

Reviewer: Update description in template too
